WebDriver conformance changes for Firefox 95 (#10943)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/95/index.md

### WebDriver conformance (Marionette)

<ul>

>   <li>The <code>port</code> used by Marionette is now written to the <code>MarionetteActivePort</code> file in the profile directory, similarly to what is done for CDP. ({{bug(1735162)}}).</li>

Reviewer: I don't think we have to mention CDP here. Better add that it can be used to more easily retrieve the port, which was only possible before by expensively parsing the prefs.js file of the profile.

>   <li>Marionette now waits for the first tab to be loaded when creating a new session. ({{bug(1736323)}}).</li>

Reviewer: Lets mark this as a fix. Also a proposal for wording.

```suggestion
  <li><code>WebDriver:NewSession</code> now waits for the initial tab to have completed loading to prevent unexpected unloads of the window proxy. ({{bug(1736323)}}).</li>
```
